There's another abiding memory of television, if I can go back.
I'm now about 16 years old. I don't remember it.
I'm just beginning to grow up a little bit.
A few friends of mine used to do some
illicit, underage drinking
in terms of like half of
a pint of beer.
And there was a little working man's club.
There's an off-shoot valley off Trioke called Cumpark,
which is a dead-end valley.
And we used to go to a little,
tiny little club
about six o'clock at night,
on a Thursday I think it was.
And there's a television there.
And what was on the television?
The early days of Coronation Street.
And we used to go up there
and we'd drink our half a shandy
and watch Coronation Street.
And it's now 50 years now, isn't it?
And I was thinking about this week, 50 years, and I was saying,
they showed the first episode this week
of Coronation Street.
Now I don't remember that one,
but that's how I remember it.
And all these memories can flood in back.